Add OTel Blueprint template (#263)
open-telemetry/sig-end-user: architecture/blueprint-template.md

- What is the core goal and the outcomes that this blueprint will drive when applied?
    As one-liners, identify the value that organizations get from applying this blueprint.
-->

This blueprint outlines a strategic reference for {target audience, e.g., Platform Engineering teams} operating in {environment, e.g., large-scale, multi-tenant Kubernetes clusters}.

It addresses the friction often found when attempting to {core goal, e.g., provide a "paved road" for observability across microservices owned by multiple teams}.

By implementing the patterns in this blueprint, organizations can expect to achieve the following outcomes:
 - {Outcome 1, e.g., out-of-the-box high-quality telemetry produced by services deployed in a Kubernetes cluster}.
 - {Outcome 2, e.g., consistent SDK configuration and context propagation}
 - {Outcome 3, e.g., governance over data quality and correct use of telemetry signals}
 - {Other outcomes...}

## Background
<!--
OPTIONAL. A brief introduction to the environment in scope, or the intended audience.
This section is optional, however it authors SHOULD consider it in order to keep the summary to a few paragraphs.
-->

> {Background, e.g. Organizations are widely adoption a cloud native Platform Engineering to reduce cognitive load and abstract complexity for the rest of their organization, and this also applies to observability...}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{Background, e.g. Organizations are widely adopting a cloud native Platform Engineering team to reduce cognitive load and abstract complexity for the rest of their organization, and this also applies to observability...}
```
